>> Jem: Servers,
I know this is a class about servers and
things like that and
we haven't onto servers yet, we will now.
So, this is a server, this is
a particularly good looking server but
a server, it's just a computer.
They generally don't have GUIs, they are
just probably some sort of Unix system.
And they're all command line which
is why we're using command line.
That is a good looking server.
That might be like a or something.
I don't actually know,
but that's a cool server.
So now we are gonna do some
real engineering stuff.
Let's log into a server.
All right, so
we're gonna use ssh to log into a server.
I'm gonna explain what ssh is shortly.
But for now ssh into this test
server that I have up and running.
So, in your command line,
just type in ssh student@45.55.24.145.
>> Jem: Okay, everybody in?
>> [INAUDIBLE]
>> Jem: You know some part of the movie
where they're like come in,
I'm in the server!
>> [INAUDIBLE]
>> Jem: I am so sorry.
Man, where is my head?
The password is iamagreatengineer,
one word all lowercase.
I will type it into the chat room,
iamagreatengineer.
>> Jem: That's the password?
Yes, that is the password.
>> Speaker 2: That is the password.
>> Jem: All right!
>> Jem: Is everybody in the server?
>> Jem: Cool.
All right let me just,
I am gonna ssh in myself.
>> Jem: So right now, when I say student@,
I'm saying I want to log into
the server as this user.
I forgot what the IP address is already.
>> [INAUDIBLE]
>> Jem: See what it is.
>> Speaker 2: 45.55.
>> Jem: Thank you.
45.55.
>> Speaker 2: 24.
>> Jem: 24.
>> Speaker 2: 145.
>> Jem: 145.
>> Speaker 2: 58 users, [SOUND]
>> Jem: This poor tiny server's crashing.
Lucky- [LAUGH] we're not the.
>> Speaker 2: Yeah there's some
people saying they can't get in.
>> Jem: Connections being closed but.
>> Jem: Magic.
>> [LAUGH]
>> Speaker 2: Uptime command.
>> Jem: Up time.
>> Speaker 2: Connection
closed by remote host.
>> Jem: All right,
is everybody still having trouble?
I can try to increase
the server size temporarily,
if we're all having trouble but-
>> Speaker 2: It's on a drop plate?
>> Jem: Yeah.
This is using a digitalation drop plate
which we'll talk more about in a second.
I just wanna make sure
everybody can get in.
>> Jem: All right, everybody's in.
All right, you are on a server.
I know, it looks just like you're
on your computer still and again,
that's the beauty of
learning command line.
It works across everywhere.
Let's see, common commands, you could say,
actually probably won't work cuz
there's so many people on the server.
But ls lists files,
actually I'll go over commands later,
yeah, cuz it's not really important.
But the important part is,
you got into the server, you are on.
So if you're at work or something like
that, you can just ssh into a server as
a username and
this is where everything begins.
This is where the power comes from.
So later, [LAUGH] nice.
So later, we're gonna make your own
server, and you can control, and
ssh in, and delete people all you want.
You can broadcast messages.
And you can set up a chron job which
is just a job that repeats over and
over to spam everybody if you want.
But for now, let's move on.
I just want everybody to practice logging
into a server and be comfortable.
So now when someone says,
I'm gonna log into the server,
you know what I'm talking about.